(enchanting music)
(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
This is the mysterious world
where Digimon live,
the digital world.
Tai and the other Digi-destined,
along with their
Digimon partners,
continue their quest to prevent
the revival of Milenniummon,
the bringer of
destruction and darkness.
And so they head for
the Sealed grounds.
Meanwhile, fighting
alongside TK,
Patamon gains more
and more power
as the Celestial Digimon
destined to save the world.
And now the two
of them are about
to be put to the ultimate test.
Talk about a bumpy ride.
We should really get
some seat belts in here.
Mm, I'm getting car sick,
I mean, getting Komondomon-sick.
Uh.
You holding up
all right Patamon.
Just fine.
You all right, Joe?
You're not looking so hot.
Oh, I'll be okay.
Ugh.
-Not in here.
Why don't you step outside
and look at the scenery.
Yeah, that's right.
You'll feel much better.
Ugh, okay, I'll try that.
(Joe groans)
Look at that, what a
beautiful full moon.
Wait, why is the moon out?
And why... why is it green?
(Joe screams)
(gentle ominous music)
Sakkakumon No. 6, now returning
and transmitting report.
The Digi-destined located.
The likelihood they'll
successfully reach the
Sealed grounds, confirmed.
Initiating Forced
Data Collection mode.
Initiating, initiating.
I'm not seeing anything.
Hmm.
That's really weird.
I swear there was a
big round green thing.
Maybe you just imagined it.
No, I'm sure I saw it.
Of course, I wasn't feeling a
hundred percent at the time.
(everyone screams)
That's it, that's the thing.
Quick, everyone
inside Komondomon!
(Tai panting)
(everyone screams)
(Komondomon howls)
Tai, come back
Kari!
Hey, you're crushing me
My bad.
Oh, that hurt.
TK, are you doing okay?
I think so.
But what about Patamon?
-(Matt chuckles)
-Huh?
Oh, I'm fine.
Well, Izzy?
Seems like that tractor
beam has deposited us
into some kind of chamber
within the sphere.
(Komondomon howls)
Come in,
Tai, are you there
Matt, Izzy, anyone?
Come in, please.
Holy jeez, what is that thing?
Sakkakumon, a Digimon
with a body composed
of ten separate spheres.
And that's one of them.
Tai and the others,
what happened to them?
That giant eye swallowed them.
It just ate them.
No, it didn't.
They should still be okay.
Huh?
Sakkakumon generally
just captures Digimon,
and holds them inside
one of it's spheres.
(Agumon grunts)
Watch out Agumon.
(Snimon screams)
(Agumon groans)
Wasn't that
looked like Snimon.
Uh, Coelamon?
Blue Blaster (roars)
Dokugumon's here, too?
Yeah, but there's something
weird about them, isn't there?
(Tentomon groans)
I'll just be over here.
Oh, look, they've
got us surrounded.
Tankmon?
Oh, and Tylomon too!
[Gatomon] Sakkakumon
forces Digimon
to fight until they collapse
and then collects and
absorbs their battle data.
I guess you could say
that's the way
Sakkakumon feeds itself.
Forces them to fight.
[Gatomon] Sakkakumon does
not fight, but only observes.
Copies of the captured
Digmon's previous opponents
are created from
their battle memories,
and these copies
attack their prey.
[Izzy] These things
have been copied
from data of enemies
we've faced before.
They're different
from actual Digimon,
they're somewhere between a
real entity and a virtual image.
So what you're saying is,
they're all just
a bunch of fakes.
Well, fakes or not
there's sure a lot of 'em.
We need to find a way
outta here, and fast.
Oh yeah.
Agumon digivolve to
Gabumon digivolve to
Tentomon digivolve to
Greymon!
Garurumon!
Kabuterimon!
Patamon?
Patamon digivolve to
Angemon!
(Tai grunts)
Nova Blast!
Howling Blaster!
Electro Shocker!
(Coelamon explode)
(wind wooshing)
(Digimon roar)
(Tai grunts)
Orgemon!
(Greymon grunts)
(Electronic chimes)
Greymon!
Greymon digivolve to
Metalgreymon!
(electronic buzzing)
Garurumon!
Garurumon digivolve to
(electronic beeping)
Weregarurumon!
(Digimon explode)
Hard to tell how tough they are.
They don't stick
around long enough.
(electronic buzzing)
-Huh.
-(bright energetic music)
[Kabuterimon] Oh,
I remember you.
You ready to do this?
Kabuterimon digivolve to
MegaKabuterimon!
(MegaKabuterimon roars)
Sakkakumon's ten
spheres are sent out
from the Sealed grounds to
every corner of the continent.
They collect data from
the most powerful Digimon.
The goal is to
revive Millenniumon.
It's a different kind of plan
than the one Kari and I
were once involved in.
It's goal is to create
the ultimate body
by bringing together data
from all sorts of Digimon.
This data accumulated by
Sakkakumon will eventually merge
at the Sealed grounds
and become one entity.
So Sakkakumon attacked us
in order to do what now?
In order to destroy an enemy
and steal their data
at the same time.
It's as simple as that.
(Piyomon, Gomamon
and Palmon scream)
(everyone gasps)
-(everyone screams)
-(Komondomon howls)
(explosion booms)
-(Tai grunts)
-(ominous music)
(electricity crackles)
(WereGarurumon groans)
(MetalGreymon groans)
(electricity crackles)
-(MegaKabuterimon groans)
-(Izzy groans)
(electricity crackles)
Are you hurt TK?
No, I'm fine.
Thanks Angemon.
And how about everyone else?
(electronic crackle)
Huh?
(foreboding music)
Not Devimon!
Greetings old friend.
(TK gasps)
(Angemon grunts)
This one seems different
somehow from the other fakes.
You bear a curse, Angemon.
And the name of that curse
is the Digi-destined.
(electricity crackles)
Curse?
You are the celestial Digimon,
born with great powers.
If you would only
forget your mission
and use those powers freely,
you could rule the world.
Instead, those powers and
digivolutions have been confined
to the use of that
existence known as humans.
If that isn't a curse, what is?
Neither TK nor any of
these children is a curse.
(Angemon grunts)
Careful Angemon!
-Giga Storm!
-(suspenseful music)
Jeez, there's no
end to these guys.
(air whooshing)
(Digimon explode)
They just keep coming.
(electricity crackles)
(WereGarurumon grunts)
TK, can you hear me?
Wing Blade!
Flower Cannon!
Vulcan's Hammer!
Heaven's Charm!
(digital beeps)
(explosion roars)
Was that Metalgreymon's
Giga Storm?
(digital beeps)
Weregarurumon's Wolf Claw!
Sakkakumon is starting to
learn everyone's powers.
You mean this thing's just going
to get stronger and stronger?
I can't tell if we
should be fighting
in full power or not.
I just hope everyone
inside that thing is okay.
(explosions booming)
Why is Devimon so fixated
on Angemon anyway?
(Devimon laughs)
(Angemon groans)
(Agemon gasps)
Angemon, no!
Don't worry, I won't lose!
I cannot afford to lose.
This battle is between
me and myself.
Huh?
Devimon, with each
time you and I clash,
my faded memories are
gradually restored.
At the end of the ancient war,
when I awoke after
being badly wounded,
I found myself swallowed up
by a swamp of dark miasma.
Infested with darkness,
my powers faded.
As I lay in pain for
what seemed an eternity,
it was born before my eyes.
The devil with black wings.
Come, join the darkness,
that is your only salvation.
(Angemon screams)
You are my shadow.
My shadow cast onto darkness.
You are a distortion
born from my weakness.
That is why you so
desperately pursue power,
and why you have
been consumed by it.
That is the reason
you were destroyed.
You're wrong, I'm
indestructible.
As long as you live, I will
return again and again.
The rise of your power
has given me the ability
to assume a physical
body once more.
Heaven's Knuckle!
(Angemon screams)
I am the Celestial Digimon.
With TK at my side, I am
the hope of the world.
(Angemon gasps)
I am indestructible
-I am indestructible
Hope, so that is the
thing that holds you back?
Well in that case.
(Angemon screams)
-I am indestructible
Angemon!
There is nothing to fear,
come join the darkness and
all your pain will fade away.
(TK pants)
Don't listen to him Angemon.
Run, TK.
Now destroy it.
Put an end to the curse
known as the Digi-destined
with your own hands.
That sin will crush your
heart and your hope.
And then hope will
disappear with the passing
of the Celestial Digimon,
and you will be reborn.
(Angemon screams)
Reborn as beautiful black
wings fallen into darkness.
A Digimon of darkness.
Angemon, no.
(Angemon screams)
Why do you not run?
Why do you not fear?
Angemon will never
be beaten by you.
(Angemon groans)
And that's why I
won't lose either.
Angemon, I believe in you.
(bright music)
(TK gasps)
[Angemon] And I, in you.
No matter how far or how deep
into the darkness I fall,
if you are with me, I can fly.
I knew you could do it.
(Digivice powers up)
(Devimon groans)
Hear me, shadow, and know this,
just as you are indestructible,
so too will the light of
hope never be extinguished.
(Devimon screams)
(Digivice chimes)
Agemon digivolve to
MagnaAngemon!
(TK gasps)
(Laser chimes)
(electrical buzzing)
Huh?
(Sakkakumon thuds)
(digital chimes)
Huh?
Where are we?
We're outside again.
(Kari gasps)
[Kari] Tai!
[Mimi] Oh, thank goodness!
[Tai] Kari!
[Sora] I'm so glad
you made it out.
Nice work, TK.
(TK laughs)
Severe data damage reported.
Indicating our plan
needs adjustments.
Beware of the Digi-destined.
Beware.
(Gentle music)
Is that?
MagnaAngemon.
You say hope is as
indestructible as I am.
We shall see if those
words are true or not
The answer to that
lies beyond the path
that TK and I must follow.
You just watch, old friend.
(Devimon laughs)
(TK gasps)
There's no need to worry.
Thank you, TK.
And thank you too, MagnaAngemon.
♪ The colors blend
in the horizon ♪
♪ Speeding straight
into a new sun rising ♪
♪ Never ending seas and
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ It lies ahead the path
♪ To what you hope to find
♪ Well that's right
we'll fly forever ♪
♪ You know the time to start
♪ Is now or never
♪ Soaring overseas through
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ Tomorrow lies ahead
♪ In wait for us to find
♪ Smile on
♪ We're beyond the point
of no return now ♪
♪ So bring it on
♪ Yeah, bring it on
♪ We can see the writing
on the wall now ♪
♪ We'll battle on
♪ Oh, we're not done
♪ even if they say that
we're running aground now ♪
♪ We're flying on
♪ Flying on
♪ 'Cause we're the ones who have
something we're fighting for! ♪
The Digimon encyclopedia,
MagnaAngemon.
This Digimon Digivolves
from the Angemon,
the angel of light,
who protects order
in the digital world.
Now let's check this out.
After evolving, the number of
wings went from six to eight.
Did everyone notice that?
Okay, pop quiz, how many
wings does Tentomon have?
(Digital beeps)
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
Tai storms the hideout of
a gang of Digimon outlaws.
And a grand plan
is set in motion.
Next time, on Digimon adventure.
The villains of the wastelands.
The adventure continues
in a new world.